Add disclaimer about difference between changelog and compat dates (#17525)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/platform/changelog/index.mdx

import { ProductChangelog } from "~/components";

This changelog details meaningful changes made to Workers across the Cloudflare dashboard, Wrangler, the API, and the workerd runtime. These changes are not configurable.

> This is *different* to the [compatibility dates of workerd](/workers/configuration/compatibility-dates/) which specifically gate individual runtime features and can be opted-in to or out from.

Author: ```suggestion
This is *different* from the [compatibility dates of workerd](/workers/configuration/compatibility-dates/) which specifically gate individual runtime features and can be opted-in to or out from.
```

This changelog details meaningful changes made to Workers across the Cloudflare dashboard, Wrangler, the API, and the workerd runtime. These changes are not configurable.

> This is *different* from the [compatibility dates of workerd](/workers/configuration/compatibility-dates/) which specifically gate individual runtime features and can be opted-in to or out from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is *different* from [compatibility dates](/workers/configuration/compatibility-dates/) and [compatibility flags](/workers/configuration/compatibility-dates/#compatibility-flags), which let you explicitly opt-in to or opt-out of specific changes to the Workers Runtime.
```
